At the moment Our see a mass has two tables in the database one for article records and one for users.
There is no relationship between these two tables.
One of the strengths of a relational database is the ability to define relationships between tables
and to manipulate the data in two or more related tables using esky well.
So let's add another table so we can learn how relationships work we'll create a table called category
which will have two columns.
The first column will be the idea which is an integer will make it the primary key.
And also check the arto increment box so that new I.D. A is signed automatically.
The next column will be the name of the category.
Which will be a string and will put a maximum length of 128 characters will also add a non unique index
so that we can sort this data on the name.
Quick Save.
And there's the new table.
Let's insert some Ricardos we can leave the idees field blank as it's an art or increment field and
will be assigned automatically.
Let's add some example categories.
For example News technology.
Education and products.
And there we have the four categories we just added with the I.D. having been inserted automatically.